Add support for infinite auto-restarting of KafkaConnect connectors (#9041)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  * The `tracing.type: jaeger` configuration, in `KafkaConnect`, `KafkaMirrorMaker`, `KafkaMirrorMaker2` and `KafkaBridge` resources, is not supported anymore.
  * The OpenTelemetry based tracing is the only available by using `tracing.type: opentelemetry`.
* Added version fields to the `Kafka` custom resource status to track install and upgrade state
* Support for infinite auto-restart of Kafka Connect connectors

### Changes, deprecations and removals

* **The default behavior of the Kafka Connect connector auto-restart has changed.**

>   When the auto-restart feature is enabled, it will not continue to restart the connectors forever and not stop after 7 restarts.

Author: I added the resource names to this which I guess was the main point of the comment. But I used a slightly different sentence because it includes not just `KafkaConnect` but also the `KafkaMIrrorMaker2` connectors:

```
When the auto-restart feature is enabled in `KafkaConnector` or `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resources, it will not continue to restart the connectors forever and not stop after 7 restarts.
```

>   When the auto-restart feature is enabled in `KafkaConnector` or `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resources, it will not continue to restart the connectors forever and not stop after 7 restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the auto-restart feature is enabled in `KafkaConnector` or `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resources, it will now continue to restart the connectors indefinitely rather than stopping after 7 restarts, as previously.
```
